=begin man

=encoding utf8

=end man

=head1 NAME

hdhomerun_alp - Provides a live capture device interface for HDHomeRun DEV units from ATSC 3.0 emissions in ALP format.  This is a placeholder doc.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<hdhomerun_alp>
S<[ B<--help> ]>
S<[ B<--version> ]>
S<[ B<--extcap-interfaces> ]>
S<[ B<--extcap-dlts> ]>
S<[ B<--extcap-interface>=E<lt>interfaceE<gt> ]>
S<[ B<--extcap-config> ]>
S<[ B<--capture> ]>
S<[ B<--fifo>=E<lt>path to file or pipeE<gt> ]>
S<[ B<--port>=E<lt>portE<gt> ]>
S<[ B<--payload>=E<lt>typeE<gt> ]>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<hdhomerun_alp> Provides a live capture device interface for HDHomeRun DEV units from ATSC 3.0 emissions in ALP format.  This is a placeholder doc.
Hardware DEV support: https://shop.silicondust.com/shop/product/hdhomerun-flex-4k-development-edition-hdfx-4k-dev/

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item --help

Print program arguments.

=item --version

Print program version.

=item --extcap-interfaces

List available interfaces.

=item --extcap-interface=E<lt>interfaceE<gt>

Use specified interfaces.

=item --extcap-dlts

List DLTs of specified interface.

=item --extcap-config

List configuration options of specified interface.

=item --capture

Start capturing from specified interface save saved it in place specified by --fifo.

=item --fifo=E<lt>path to file or pipeE<gt>

Save captured packet to file or send it through pipe.

=item --hdhomerun_ip_address=E<lt>ip_address<gt>

Set the hdhomerun_ip_address (or hostname).  Default is 192.168.0.82.

=item --hdhomerun_channel=E<lt>channel<gt>

Set the hdhomerun_channel to tune, e.g. ch34p0p1 will tune to rf channel 34 and capture plp0 and plp1.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

To see program arguments:

    hdhomerun_alp --help

To see program version:

    hdhomerun_alp --version

To see interfaces:

    hdhomerun_alp --extcap-interfaces

  Example output:
    interface {value=hdhomerun_alp}{display=UDP Listener remote capture}

To see interface DLTs:

    hdhomerun_alp --extcap-interface=hdhomerun_alp --extcap-dlts

  Example output:
    dlt {number=252}{name=hdhomerun_alp}{display=Exported PDUs}

To see interface configuration options:

    hdhomerun_alp --extcap-interface=hdhomerun_alp --extcap-config

To capture:

    hdhomerun_alp --extcap-interface=randpkt --fifo=/tmp/randpkt.pcapng --capture

NOTE: To stop capturing CTRL+C/kill/terminate application.

=head1 SEE ALSO

wireshark(1), tshark(1), dumpcap(1), extcap(4)

=head1 NOTES

B<hdhomerun_alp> is part of the B<Wireshark> distribution.  The latest version
of B<Wireshark> can be found at L<https://www.wireshark.org>.

HTML versions of the Wireshark project man pages are available at:
L<https://www.wireshark.org/docs/man-pages>.

=head1 AUTHORS

  Original Author
  ---------------
  Jason Justman             <jjustman[AT]ngbp.org>

